  
    AI Service Engine Privacy Notice
  
  Download
  Last updated: March 5, 2024
  Effective date: March 5, 2024
  
    Welcome to AI Service Engine. AI Service Engine (hereinafter referred to as the 'App') is developed and operated
    by Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as 'we', 'us', or 'our', and
    registered at No. 18 Haibin Road, Wusha, Chang'an, Dongguan, Guangdong, China 523902). It is a built-in AI
    service platform that uses semantic analysis of images and speech to provide users ('you') with intelligent
    services.
  
  
  
  
    This AI Service Engine Privacy Notice (this 'Privacy Notice') explains what personal information about you we
    collect, store, process, transmit, provide, disclose, or delete (collectively, 'process') during your use of the
    App, how and why we do so, how you can exercise your data subject rights, and the security measures we use to
    protect your personal information.
  
  
    
      1. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information
      
        
          The information we collect depends on the features or services you use, the context in which you
          interact with us, and the choices you make, including your privacy settings and the features or services
          you use.
        
        
          
            The features or services provided by the App may vary depending on the operating system or app
            versions running on a device, the apps installed or downloaded on a device, etc. Therefore, the
            features or services actually provided by the App, personal information processing, and required app
            permissions are subject to the device you use.
          
        
      
      
        
          If the following clauses explicitly state that relevant information about you is stored only
          locally, then the information is collected and processed only locally on your device and will not be
          uploaded to our servers. Such information is not bound by this Privacy Notice.
        
        We aim here to provide clarification on any questions you are likely to have and be transparent about
        our processing of personal information.
      
      
        
          
            1.1 Personal information we process in connection with basic features and the
            purpose
          
        
        
          
            (1) AndesGPT trial volume control
            
              AndesGPT trial volume control sets the maximum number of daily uses for features such as AI
              Eraser. To control the trial volume for AndesGPT, you need to provide the App with your
              phone brand, phone model, OS version, device type, app package names, account information,
              and OpenID. The App will collect the information mentioned above to limit the number of uses
              available for the current device to ensure that the server works properly.
            
          
          
            (2) AndesGPT-powered features
            
              AndesGPT-powered features provide features such as AI Eraser. When you use AndesGPT-powered
              features, you need to provide the App with your phone brand, phone model, OS version, device
              type, app package names, account information, OpenID, and country code information. The App
              will collect the information mentioned above to provide algorithmic capabilities
              corresponding to AndesGPT-powered features for the relevant country or region.
            
          
        
      
    
    
      2. How Your Personal Data Is Transferred Globally
      
        
          We provide services through our resources and servers around the world. We have data centers in France,
          Singapore, India, and Indonesia, which means that in compliance with applicable laws, your personal data
          might be transferred to or accessed from countries or regions outside of where you use our Services.
        
        
          Please note that different countries or regions offer differing levels of data protection. This means
          that your personal data may be stored in a country or region that provides a certain level of
          protection, but in some cases that level of protection may be lower than the one in your country or
          region. However, in such cases, we will take measures to ensure that the personal data we collect is
          processed in accordance with this Privacy Statement and applicable laws, and that your personal data is
          sufficiently safeguarded. For example, we might ask your permission to transfer your personal data
          across borders, and we will implement adequate security measures (such as encryption and
          de-identification where feasible) and sign the necessary data
          transmission/sharing agreements with the recipients of your personal data prior to the transfer taking
          place. We will also specifically ensure that we comply with laws that require us to store data locally
          within a specific country or region.
        
      
    
    
      3. How to Exercise Your Data Subject Rights
      
        
          We respect your rights to your personal information, and we do our best to protect your rights. We
          provide a number of secure and convenient ways for you to configure privacy settings and manage personal
          information, thus ensuring the security of your personal information.
          Please note that the operation paths may vary by device model, operating system version, and
            product software version. 
          In addition, we may adjust the operation paths from time to time to improve your user experience.
          Therefore, the operation paths described below are for reference only. If you have any questions
          regarding the operation paths or ways in which you can exercise your rights, you can contact us as set
          forth under Section 5. 'Contact Us' below.
        
        
          You may go to 'Settings - Additional settings - System services - AI Service Engine - Privacy - Privacy
          Notice' to check what personal information the App may collect from you.
        
        
          You may go to 'Settings - Additional settings - System services - AI Service Engine - Privacy' and tap
          'Privacy - Withdraw consent to Privacy Notice' to withdraw your consent so as to disable the App from
          collecting your personal information. After withdrawing your consent, you will be signed out of the App,
          and we will stop processing your personal information in connection with the App.
        
      
    
    
      4. How We Protect the Personal Information of Minors
      
        
          The App does not target children.
          Please note that due to technical limitations and other objective factors, the App may not be able to
          actively identify your age.
        
        
          If you are a child, you must obtain the consent of your parent or guardian before using the App, and be
          sure to carefully read this Privacy Notice and other service terms together with them to ensure that you
          can fully understand all the content. You should obtain their consent before using the App or its
          related services.
          
            Children are not allowed to use the App or related services without the consent of their parents or
            guardians.
          
        
        
          If you are a parent or guardian of a child, or if you otherwise find that any information we process may
          contain the personal information of a child, you can promptly contact us as set forth under Section 5
          'Contact Us'. We will do everything we can to delete the relevant data as soon as possible.
        
      
    
    
      
        5. Contact Us
      
      
        
          To learn more about how we protect personal information,
          
            please refer to our general Privacy Notice.
          
        
        
          If you have any questions, complaints, or suggestions regarding this Privacy Notice or our privacy
          practices, you may contact us as set forth below. We will verify your identity and respond within 15
          working days. This time limit might be extended when necessary due to the complexity and large amounts
          of individual requests, as well as technical feasibility.
        
      
      
        Data Subject Rights Platform: To better protect your rights and interests, we have specifically
        established the Data Subject Rights Platform at
        https://www.oppo.com/en/privacy-feedback/.
        You can sign in to the platform to contact us.
      
      
      
      
        Guangdong OPPO Mobile Telecommunications Corp., Ltd.
        
        Address: No.18 Haibin Road, Wusha, Chang'an, Dongguan, Guangdong, China
        
        Postal code: 523902
      
      
      
    
  


